![](media/image1.gif){width="1.5625in" height="1.84375in"}

**Serena, a Virtual Assistant**

**[Course]{.underline}**

CSE299

Junior Design Project

Section: 08

Summer, 19

Group - 02

**[Faculty Name]{.underline}**

Shaikh Shawon Arefin Shimon

**[Group Member]{.underline}**

Syed Mustavi Maheen

ID: 1611207042

Email: <mustavi.maheen@northsouth.edu>

**[Git Repository Link]{.underline}**

<https://github.com/smaheen711/SU19CSE299S08G02NSU>

**[Date Prepared]{.underline}**

17^th^ June, 2019

**Objectives:**

At present time, we all use many web-applications and windows
applications. Sometimes using this apps become so boring. But we can't
think of our basic life without using it. For instance, sending mail has
become a very important part of our life and yet, it's so boring to type
and add selected files to it. Or putting our login credentials to
different web apps. The part that we almost never talk about is losing
our login credentials to hackers. It is very easy for the hackers to put
a simple keylogger into any files and get all our important information;
information like credit card number, pin codes, email and passwords.
Think about our web browser. We usually saved our password into it. It
may be the easiest way for the hackers to get our full information. As a
close victim to this attack, I feel the need to create a software which
will do this all the boring yet needed work for us; Serena, a virtual
assistant who will cover all the problem above and more.

**Features:**

-   Generate password and automate login for web apps to be secured from
    hacking.

-   Voice messages to mail.

-   YouTube Video Downloader.

    -   Option to download video while playing video in web app. (like
        IDM).

    -   Give the downloaded video a key to categorize.

    -   Create playlist of downloaded video and run it.

-   Search any file in windows explorer and send it via mail.

-   Open any website using voice commands.

-   Create audiobooks.

-   Summarize any writings.

**Tools and Technology:**

-   Python 3

-   Framework: Selenium, pywinauto

-   GUI: Tkinter

-   Packages: Beautiful Soup, OpenCV.

**Business Plan/Monetization:**

**Pricing and packaging**

This project will be a demo version of a bigger project. As this is a
demo software, this is free to use. When the full version of the
software will be released, there will be a trial version which can be
used only for 2 days. After that the user will be charged with a monthly
fee to use the software. Though this project version of the product is
for windows user only, the final product will be a cross-platform app.

**Payment Partner**

For payment purpose, the app will have a dedicated website and Facebook
page. The international users can pay through PayPal using the website
and the local users can pay the price through local payment methods like
bKash, rocket and send the transaction Id in Facebook. After validation,
the user will get an installation key which will be required for the
first-time usage.

**Market Deployment**

The demo version of the app will be released on Windows Store and in the
website. The final version will be released on different Store on
different platforms.
